README.md, before:

Responsive-less-theme
=======================

A responsive standalone less theme for Anax-MVC or Chipla-MVC, but you can use as a standalone theme.

License
-------

This software is free software and carries a MIT license.

Use of external libraries
-------------------------

The following external modules are included and subject to its own license.

### lessphp
 * Website: http://leafo.net/lessphp
 * Version included: 0.4.0 (2013-08-09)
 * License: Dual license, MIT LICENSE and GPL VERSION 3
 * Path: `css/chipla-grid/lessphp`
 
### Font Awesome
 * Website: http://fontawesome.io/
 * Version included: 4.6.3 (2016-05-13)
 * License: SIL OFL 1.1 and MIT LICENSE
 * Path: `css/chipla-grid/font-awesome-4.6.3` and 'fonts'

### Lydia
 * Website: https://github.com/mosbth/lydia
 * Version included: 0.3.x (2013-10-21)
 * License: MIT LICENSE
 * Files: `css/chipla-grid/css3mixins.less` and `css/chipla-grid/mixins.less`
 
### Semantic.gs
 * Website: http://dbwebb-se.github.io/semantic.gs/webroot/ (copy of it)
 * Version included: 1.2 (2012-01-11)
 * License: Apache 2.0 License
 * File: `css/chipla-grid/grid.less`
 
### Normalize.css
 * Website: http://github.com/necolas/normalize.css
 * Version included: 4.1.1 (2016-04-12)
 * License: MIT LICENSE
 * File: `css/chipla-grid/normalize.less`

How to use the theme:
---------------------

### For CHIPLA MVC or Anax-MVC

Add every path to webroot, skip the single files index.html, readme.md etc.
Also follow instruction to get lessphp to work.

### For standalone version

If you use php in your page it's only to add everything to webroot, otherwish you need to change line 7 in index.html from style.php to style.css.
Also follow instruction to get lessphp to work if you php in your project.

### How to get lessphp to work

Set (writable) CMOD 777 on path 'css/chipla-grid/'.
 
History
-------

### v0.1.0 (2016-09-02)

 * First stable version

Commit message:

v0.1.1
Adding missing path's and files for with Anax MVC / Chipla-MVC, also
corrections in install instructions.

README.md, after:

Responsive-less-theme
=======================

A responsive standalone less theme for Anax-MVC or Chipla-MVC, but you can use as a standalone theme.

License
-------

This software is free software and carries a MIT license.

Use of external libraries
-------------------------

The following external modules are included and subject to its own license.

### lessphp
 * Website: http://leafo.net/lessphp
 * Version included: 0.4.0 (2013-08-09)
 * License: Dual license, MIT LICENSE and GPL VERSION 3
 * Path: `css/chipla-grid/lessphp`
 
### Font Awesome
 * Website: http://fontawesome.io/
 * Version included: 4.6.3 (2016-05-13)
 * License: SIL OFL 1.1 and MIT LICENSE
 * Path: `css/chipla-grid/font-awesome-4.6.3` and 'fonts'

### Lydia
 * Website: https://github.com/mosbth/lydia
 * Version included: 0.3.x (2013-10-21)
 * License: MIT LICENSE
 * Files: `css/chipla-grid/css3mixins.less` and `css/chipla-grid/mixins.less`
 
### Semantic.gs
 * Website: http://dbwebb-se.github.io/semantic.gs/webroot/ (copy of it)
 * Version included: 1.2 (2012-01-11)
 * License: Apache 2.0 License
 * File: `css/chipla-grid/grid.less`
 
### Normalize.css
 * Website: http://github.com/necolas/normalize.css
 * Version included: 4.1.1 (2016-04-12)
 * License: MIT LICENSE
 * File: `css/chipla-grid/normalize.less`

How to use the theme:
---------------------

### For CHIPLA MVC or Anax-MVC

Add everything server/project root, except all single files under root (readme.md, license etc) and webroot (index.html, favicon.png etc.)
Also follow instruction to get lessphp to work.

### For standalone version

If you use php for your project it's only to add everything from webroot path to your webroot path, otherwish you need to change line 7 in index.html from style.php to style.css.
Also follow instruction to get lessphp to work if you use php in your project.

### How to get lessphp to work

Set (writable) CMOD 777 on path 'css/chipla-grid/'.
 
History
-------

### v0.1.1 (2016-09-09)

 * Add missing path's and files for Anax MVC / Chipla-MVC.
 
 * Readme: Correction in install instructions.

### v0.1.0 (2016-09-02)

 * First stable version
